[Music]
[ __ ] you loved me already And we have
a Juan Guarnizo song here that I
can't leave without discussing I wanted to leave now
man Because I've been here for two hours He's
fine and he's going to come for a little while and don't see in a
little while eh Juan Guarnizo responded today
saying that I'm like a monkey
recording videos that they stop giving him
attention that he has 40 million
followers but if he doesn't cheer on Juan
Guarnizo [ __ ] but they are They are really
into it eh they are really into it eh I
mean I don't
know his friend I can't give a [ __ ] about anymore
the [ __ ] Yolo Vitero of [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] I can't give a [ __ ] about anymore God
makes them and they get together I [ __ ]
good phrase good phrase I like that
phrase God makes them and they get together
the [ __ ] [ __ ] usually happens it usually happens they are like
monkeys recording videos do you remember
la la la la this meme from The Simpsons
of some monkeys typing things I think that
is the writers room of  Yolo let's
see what you upload literally that's it I
[ __ ] on the [ __ ] stop [ __ ] around
more like literally the guy has 40
million subscribers on YouTube but
if he doesn't hate Juan Guarniz on Twitter his
tweet doesn't reach 1000 likes seriously let's
see listen to me it's true he has t Well
when they are t from the King list maybe it
reads a little to 1000 2000 3000 but
normally he has 100 200 This is what
Yolo put you were warned the geek
is the Harry Kan of the kin he has a lot of final
for zero title and he doesn't have a thousand likes
either with this I'm going to fall in the B so stop
giving him interactions
please everyone answering him according to papeo
but the guy Surely [ __ ] himself I do
n't dislike him but it's really obvious That
speaks a lot of your level as a community
you have 40 million subscribers on
YouTube and no but he has 400000 on
Twitter eh Also I don't know how many people you
pull  to your games in the Kings League
But I'm sure you won't even reach
5000 but I'm sure Eh so he
knows that the only way to be
relevant in the league is by throwing myself at me
he knows it as long as you know and
understand What's his thing we're all
on the same page and he's going to get bored and he's going to get
bored and he's going to have to look for
something else he's going to have to criticize another
president of Spain some president from
there in latam like he did with wescol at the
time that in fact we haven't talked about wes Santos
eh but I could say and watch out I
could say that it's the only team in
the Kings League Americas that has gone in
an incredible chendo Ah look Hey look look look look he
wants to get going make
the passes already damn kiss Juan kiss already
Juan damn he's dying to make the passes
with the wbc 48 million on YouTube Well
on Twitter he doesn't move a [ __ ] let's see and
on YouTube What's he moving on YouTube what's he
moving man on YouTube he has in a
video from a day ago a million and a half
in a  video from 3 days ago 700,000 in a
video 10 days ago 1,200 damn it has
views J glasses are no good for him
I have 48 million But why does he
also not have it on Twitter because he has no
interactions is he looking to grow on Twitter Yeah let's
see it's that on Twitter he doesn't
have it look They are different communities eh
Although you think they are not
different communities, for example, I'm
sure that the people who follow me on
Twitter are not all the same as those who
follow me on my channels, I mean, I will have
followers on Twitter that are one hundred and
something thousand and that don't follow me on YouTube and they
follow me on Twitter because they have
followed me on Twitch or whatever okay And
then on each channel I'm sure I have
followers that I don't have, I mean on
Javi Oliveira I'm sure I have
followers that I don't have on salsería and
on tes sals between salsa for sure or so that's it That's how it is, I mean, they are
independent they are
different networks and and that's it and they are
followed on one network it doesn't mean that they
follow you everywhere but that's what I'm
telling you s that it's true that on Twitter they
have  little interaction has little
interaction let's see what they said
here about Yolo in the
chat this goes out to Yolo's brother
[ __ ] disgusting piece of [ __ ] who thinks he's
someone apparently for being the
vice president of his little brother, a
delivery man for minors,
giving an ulum he sent an ultimatum to
selling telling him that if in 24 hours he doesn't
apologize to the Latinos he's going to
ask i personally to remove it
who the [ __ ] are you brother if your own
brother took advantage of you to
pass a girl off as your girlfriend and ask for
her pack so you
'll look like crazy he came in like
crazy I smelled it I know he says a lot of
things like this I Lore Even though he
's apologized he's still
the same shitty person trying to
do everything to get attention
including throwing innuendos at another
president of the Kings League which I don't like
because the Kings League is
[ __ ] just to keep doing his
shitty little show we have to find out
is it Lore
[Music]
no Oh